PROGRAMMING WISDOM

"The object-oriented version of spaghetti code is, of course, 'lasagna code'. Too many layers." - Roberto Waltman

"A user interface should be so simple that a beginner in an emergency can understand it within ten seconds." - Ted Nelson

"What one programmer can do in one month, two programmers can do in two months." - Fred Brooks

“It’s not at all important to get it right the first time. It’s vitally important to get it right the last time."-The Pragmatic Programmer

"Abstraction is the elimination of the irrelevant and the amplification of the essential." - Robert C. Martin

"It's all talk until the code runs." - Ward Cunningham

"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." - Linus Torvalds

“Don’t document the problem, fix it.”– Atli Björgvin Oddsson

"Good software, like wine, takes time." - Joel Spolsky

"One of the best programming skills you can have is knowing when to walk away for awhile." - Oscar Godson

"Make it correct, make it clear, make it concise, make it fast. In that order." – Wes Dyer

"The strength of JavaScript is that you can do anything. The weakness is that you will." - Reg Braithwaite

The best programs are the ones written when the programmer is supposed to be working on something else.' - Melinda Varian

"A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt almost any feature that users want."- Niklaus Wirth

"Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it." - Patrick McKenzie

“There's one technique that you must use if you want people to listen to you: listen to them.” - The Pragmatic Programmer

“Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul.”– John Carmack

"Whenever you are tempted to type something into a print statement or a debugger expression, write it as a test instead." - Martin Fowler

“Say what you mean. Mean what you say.” - Robert C. Martin

"Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking." - Rich Hickey


"Ei toimi alkemia tuolla tavalla" - 

